The project TA is Syafiq Al Atiiq (syafiq_al.atiiq [at] eit.lth.se).

Please consider using canvas's discussion page to ask questions, as usually most things were being asked repetitively. If you can't find your answer there, send an email to me. Make sure you always include "[EITA25]" (without quotation marks) in your subject. Otherwise, your email might end up somewhere in my inbox, and might not be answered in time. All in all, the best way to reach me is through canvas discussion page. 

Office Hours

Due to current circumstances, there will be no face-to-face office hours. Instead, you can come to my virtual room at the following specified time:
Office days: Mondays: xx-xx, Wednesdays: xx-xx 
Room: Zoom Link will be provided here

You will be served on a per-group and firt-come-first-served basis. You will wait in the zoom waiting room if other groups is inside. Before you ask questions, try to at least understand what your problem is. Throwing a question without really understand the context will just wasting both of our time.

Resource

Each group will have an access to a virtual machine in the cloud. If you have register yourself to a group, you will receive an email containing the detail on how to access the VM. The software inside the VM has been adapted and verified to be able to run the code in this project. If, by any chance, you want to run the code in your own machine, it is your responsibility to adapt any changes in regards to the requirement, i.e. java versions, etc. 

There are 2 projects. 

Project 1

This project relates to topics discussed on lecture 3. After that lecture you should be able to understand the project.

Project description
Supporting files

Deadline: 05 February 2021, 23:59:59

Project 2
This project covers several parts of the course, but you should be able to start on it right away.

Project description
Functionality review form
Contribution statement form

Each oral presentation will focus on one of the following topics:
A. Certificate handling.
B. Confidentiality and integrity in TLS.
C. Logging in and password handling.
D. Replay attacks in the TLS handshake and record protocols.
E. MITM-attacks in TLS.
F. Differences between cipher suites in TLS.
G. How should ethics rank compared to other industrial decision factors? How are ethical considerations handled in the real world?

Deadlines: 
1. February 15th, book presentation time (top three available time slots [3-4 groups per time slot], rank topic letters). You can book the time by going to this link.
2. February 25th, distribute your report (not code) for peer-review.
3. March 1th, return your comments for the two reports that you have reviewed.
4. March 3th, functionality peer-review completed.
5. March 5th, mail code, configuration files (compression ok) and report bundle (pdf, uncompressed).
6. Day before your presentation, mail presentation (pdf, uncompressed).

All deadlines are at 23.59.

Note that report and presentation language is English.

Note on functionality peer-review: For the functionality review, reviewers and reviewees are expected to set up a live meeting (do not just email your code, because this is actually a functionality review). The functionality peer-review pairs act autonomously, deciding on their own when and where to meet (respecting the deadline). Read the project description and see the functionality review form for instructions. If you wish to (optional), you can book a time-slot with the TA for teacher support for your functionality peer-review.

Presentations will be held online using the same zoom link above. 
Presentation time slots: (colored slots are available):

